Protect: Changelog and Readme updates for 1.0.2 release (#25171)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/protect/readme.txt

3. View all the found vulnerabilities in your site and learn how to fix them.

== Changelog ==
### 1.0.2 - 2022-07-22
#### Changed

> - Updated package dependencies.

Reviewer: This should probably be removed from the readme.txt file; it's not very useful for end-users to know.

#### Fixed

> - Fix protect admin toolbar icon display when Jetpack enabled and connected

Reviewer: Typically, the readme.txt file is mostly read by end-users, so I would recommend using wording that is as user-friendly and clear as possible there. Something like:

```suggestion
- Admin toolbar: ensure the toolbar icon is properly displayed, even when the Jetpack plugin is enabled and connected.
```

> - Minor bug fix - added isset() checks for report data properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- General: avoid PHP notices when fetching reports about your site.
```
